This is a big paychecks suffering for most of us might see an insurgency.
N817: Always the same
Magalie Marcellus: For the individual session.
Yes.
N817: Or
Magalie Marcellus: No, you still need to check in, though, even though the median. I just say something because they don't know, they have to do something on there. And in order to let you in in the meeting.
Magalie Marcellus: So that's why there is a delay with the virtual clinic, but they want everybody to go through the virtual clinic before you get connected otherwise out, you know, I can bypass that.
Magalie Marcellus: That system.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah but sorry for the delay. I know they're working on that to
Magalie Marcellus: You guys have to wait as long, but I know sometimes that's why they want you know anybody with an appointment. You come a little bit earlier before your appointment time so you can get connected but appreciation Shauna so how things been with you for the past two weeks.
N817: There's
N817: Everything going on right now with this.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, that's a lot of people
A lot of anxiety.
Magalie Marcellus: So, how you been holding up with that.
N817: I've been doing
N817: You know, really.
N817: Go out to the stores and stuff like that really hyped up lines. I like the shelves are empty.
N817: People talking on the phone like
N817: Saying you know they're talking out loud so
Just yesterday, I want to
N817: Write a pick up my medicine.
N817: This is probably too, buddy, or something like this pain like we've never seen. And, you know, of course, there'll be some survivors.
N817: Actually, you know, in the world.
Magalie Marcellus: So what was your reaction to that.
N817: Lady. I was trying to block them out. But at the same time.
N817: You got my anxiety going to
Just
Cuz what
N817: Who knows what really
Magalie Marcellus: Well, this is why it's important to get information from the right source because they don't want to even though it is a lot of changing information and there's a lot of uncertainty, but at least you get some
Magalie Marcellus: Information from those some people that knows really what's going on in. So from just, you know, a regular person walking down the street because everybody's anxious and they're going to make statement that even, you know, make it seems like it's a lot more
N817: They're like
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, and and you know we don't want people to feel that is the end of the world. It is a serious concern. They know but they. This is why
Magalie Marcellus: People are being taught how to take proper care for themselves so they don't don't become victim, you know, with that type of illness. So what are you done for yourself to be cautious and, you know, so you can
Magalie Marcellus: Really protect yourself.
N817: I've been most of the time I'm self actually anyways. You know, I don't leave the house at all, you know,
N817: So like I feel pretty secure and my home is just me and my step dad.
N817: You know, and he's not sick, you know, but I were in my anxiety goes up a lot only go out, we're gonna go into a store where there's people I've
N817: Got to touch people's touch. I went to Giant Eagle last week to pick up the Western Union my mom sent me a little money.
N817: And the guy in front of them was
N817: Picking up the lesson to
N817: The teller his ID, he would just show it to him. I asked him not to touch it, you know.
N817: Has all worried about germs and i i made a statement. I was like, well, that money has a lot more people's trust that money.
N817: Hello, are you saw about first second
N817: With that and put it
Magalie Marcellus: When
Magalie Marcellus: You're right. There's gems on a better place. So
Magalie Marcellus: Oh yeah travels. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: It's fun.
N817: I'm pretty isolated as it is.
Magalie Marcellus: I feel pretty
Here.
Magalie Marcellus: And when you go out. Do you take gloves with to do
I you
N817: Know I don't wear the mask cuz you know i don't have them to begin with, but
N817: I don't think that
N817: They say that the mass unless you have one on ones with the respirator.
N817: That like the in effect.
You know,
N817: It's like, or someone called
N817: Born for three hours.
N817: But I worry about my step dad when he goes out, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: So he doesn't go out on his on on do you go with them.
N817: Most of the time he goes by so
N817: Yeah.
N817: Like that over
N817: The House twice the last two years.
N817: He's had about seven, eight.
Magalie Marcellus: And what is he doing
N817: He goes to the grocery store, you know, he goes to his brother's house, you know, just everyday stuff.
Magalie Marcellus: Because right now, if you have to do the best they do one that's gonna last for a few days and you know it's not a time to be visiting other people because you don't know what's going on.
Magalie Marcellus: With other people too. So this is why they want people to stay kind of books. So you're not exposed as modern you need to
Magalie Marcellus: So hopefully maybe your step that can really listen and don't put himself idea where he really can, you know, catch the virus.
N817: Because
Magalie Marcellus: I guess it's
N817: Better than the older you know
N817: The older people.
Magalie Marcellus: And also they have all the
Magalie Marcellus: underlying condition medical condition as well.
Magalie Marcellus: As some other illness.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: He has a long problem.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Be capital discussion with him, Wanda.
N817: Oh yeah, I brought it up to him and
N817: He told me he says
N817: Be careful. He
Tied
N817: He
N817: Is a pretty clean person so
N817: He was, you know, he's still a he needs to be the best you can to try not to pick up the virus.
Magalie Marcellus: One of the, one of the big part is to stay put and I have to be out too often.
N817: lock that down.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: And I pretty much on lockdown mode.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
N817: I think that's gonna happen to the whole country. So
N817: Yeah, if it keeps spreading because like, it seems like when I watch the news like it's doubling every day in the state. Right.
Magalie Marcellus: Second Stage is more
Magalie Marcellus: Like
N817: Their cases are doubling
N817: doubling every day.
Magalie Marcellus: Every day last part of it is because law, a lot more people are getting tested so now they, you know, we have the results to see who has it and who doesn't. And so that's part of why we seem more numbers. So, because before the testing.
Magalie Marcellus: Was not enough testing was around so
Magalie Marcellus: It says I have that have that those circumstances going on it as it on produce any
Magalie Marcellus: Feeling of wanting to use any substance any cravings, because, you know, because this mind daddy going on right now.
N817: I got my
N817: Cell phone boy.
N817: When my inside the you
Know,
The
N817: The point where I start hyperventilating
Magalie Marcellus: Like that.
N817: Then you know i'm not i'm know that I can just to
Magalie Marcellus: You know,
N817: Work and you know I don't
N817: Know, no better than that.
Magalie Marcellus: And there's other consequences with the actual, you know, heroin and other drugs.
Magalie Marcellus: And maybe a temporary fix. Yeah.
N817: I already got hepatitis from
Magalie Marcellus: drug IV right
N817: So something I got
N817: I always found that out when I joined bright her
N817: Blood.
Magalie Marcellus: So how's your mom doing and I know she isn't. She's all it's all and then area where we
Magalie Marcellus: Had a surgery.
N817: No. Oh yeah, she had her eye surgery.
Magalie Marcellus: Like
Dang got sick.
N817: She got sick.
Match
N817: Her symptoms or or like the symptoms of the game. No.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, but was that the same sentence. Oh, one way after the surgery I these new Samsung song. Yeah.
Yeah.
N817: Right so service same
N817: Time. That's when she got sick and she was sick for about two weeks.
N817: You know color every day or every day and check on her.
N817: At first you know the and by like that the back to something the first time a week went by, she felt no different.
Magalie Marcellus: And then
N817: The darkness there a different one. And I talked to her today as she says she feels fine. She's actually gone back to work in the last week because
I'm
Magalie Marcellus: Still working
N817: Yes, she works part time
Magalie Marcellus: What does she do work.
N817: Right now, she used to be a nurse and are
Talking
N817: About
Magalie Marcellus: Why did miss and she had an internet work. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So what kind of waking up and doing now.
N817: Right now, she's working in a deli.
N817: Public
N817: Or down floor.
N817: Floor.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, which is. Yeah.
N817: St. Petersburg Tampa.
Magalie Marcellus: Area. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Should I make any plans to move then
N817: Yes, actually, her plan is to come back because you know
N817: We, we came up here together.
Magalie Marcellus: And
N817: She went down there to supposedly visit
N817: Like a whole year.
Magalie Marcellus: I shall come back this month and I will almost always made my so
N817: She come back before the end of the month.
N817: Tax Return. I'm stuck.
Magalie Marcellus: With it.
N817: Who, you know, who knows.
Right.
Magalie Marcellus: That's true. Because a lot of things are changing and people are having financial difficulties because of that. So, so
N817: You know, if you are going to travel anywhere right now. It'd be
N817: Best now.
N817: When I went else gas was only $1 65 again.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, yeah, maybe driving right
How much
N817: $1 65
Magalie Marcellus: Oh wow, okay. I haven't seen that yet. On this slide, but yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Wow.
Magalie Marcellus: 10 years, probably. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So now, all right.
N817: Hasn't dropped down for you.
Magalie Marcellus: It is, it has dropped down on this side. So, but it was I think a lot of sin 199. But still, that's a lot lower than it's been
For many years,
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, yeah. I haven't been like that for a while. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: But in I guess traveling by car, but now you know you don't know every state has their own stuff going on. So,
Magalie Marcellus: It's bad Allen wouldn't want to travel to anybody's house unless you come into your, your horn on house and you'll have to really interact with other people, that's been expose
Magalie Marcellus: Her she's better
N817: Yeah, I think.
Magalie Marcellus: It's going to work. So, Diana and give her something I asked.
N817: Yeah, that's basically why she works his
N817: Butt. And I asked him this so so how would he do for safety precautions that word.
N817: This door closes at seven.
N817: She wears three and one
N817: And every time she deals with a customer and she got on.
Magalie Marcellus: The counter and between
N817: one paragraph.
N817: And then we're down to the last pair, she washes her hands.
N817: She's doing
Magalie Marcellus: Smart asking
N817: Spring Break down right now so
Magalie Marcellus: Yes. Wow. They add but we're trying to, you know, have them go back home, cuz
Magalie Marcellus: Cuz a lot of well for South Florida and equals out of the beach area where they would normally congregate so that the term.
Magalie Marcellus: So many people from hanging out on the beach.
N817: Close the bars and
Uh huh.
N817: Pretty much everything is going to be more than 10 or 20 people besides her stores.
Right.
N817: One thing I'm having a lot of anxiety over as well. If they closed the pharmacy.
Magalie Marcellus: That one that's going to happen because they know people need
Magalie Marcellus: They will have to make provision for people to get a prescription or whatever.
Magalie Marcellus: Medication they need if that's going on because I'm sure they have to make some kind of provision for people to have either give them some of the medication. I'M MORE. SO WE'LL HAVE ENOUGH. One day closer look worse. Yeah, why
Magalie Marcellus: Why
N817: Do you think they're gonna open back up.
Yeah.
N817: Yeah hopefully they give everybody a couple days. Warnings so they can tell her doctor that
Magalie Marcellus: I have for sure because I know
Magalie Marcellus: Some people I
Magalie Marcellus: Have medication that they depend on. So now we didn't just close across the board and for people to be in Grade A nice, especially now the medical
Magalie Marcellus: Communities overwhelm so they wouldn't want more people to get sick because you're not getting your medication. So I'm sure they will have a plan. Definitely to keep things going.
Magalie Marcellus: Now, did you get the guys back on.
N817: Yes. Okay, good luck to you think
I got like a
Magalie Marcellus: So how did you manage they have you do cuz I know you said she sent a full payment.
N817: Yeah, she's paying
N817: $33
Magalie Marcellus: So they did finally find your hand mature was the last time you call they want and that actually call back so
N817: Yeah, there's
N817: An extra $80 for
Tampering fee.
Magalie Marcellus: Turn
Down.
N817: A little bows on the day
N817: Turned it back off.
Magalie Marcellus: Because he wasn't supposed to do.
N817: Yeah, he was supposed to do that. But he paid the fine.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So you guys
Magalie Marcellus: Are you back on that program where you can pay the same price every month.
N817: You know what the lady was talking so fast. I don't
Magalie Marcellus: See, she put it back on it. Okay. Okay. That's nice.
Magalie Marcellus: You don't want to do the monthly
N817: Yeah, where is $60 a month. I don't want
Magalie Marcellus: That again because
N817: That's how it got shut off last time.
Magalie Marcellus: You say raise
Magalie Marcellus: Then they waited about some point
Okay.
N817: They raised it up.
Magalie Marcellus: So I'm
Magalie Marcellus: On
Magalie Marcellus: A set price for the year.
Magalie Marcellus: But
Magalie Marcellus: From what you're saying.
N817: Right price during aware of time and summertime comes. It's like a balloon payment.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, that's a bit difficult. Okay.
N817: This little guy or about six months ago. He's like, Oh, I'm here to collect $150
Magalie Marcellus: I got such a gas.
N817: And asked. I got half of it can take that for now. No, you got it all.
Magalie Marcellus: Did you have some pending appointments or things that you need to do.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, much written appointment.
Magalie Marcellus: Did you have one on my 15 or Jamaica.
Magalie Marcellus: Out have been this way. Did you go
Magalie Marcellus: What happened.
N817: Tried to use my metaphor insurances supposed to pay for tab.
Magalie Marcellus: Such as a nation.
Of
N817: The cabinet over here.
Magalie Marcellus: Really
N817: The other guy that's in my group, he has
Magalie Marcellus: Had that
N817: Problem three or four times.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh wow, that's not good.
Magalie Marcellus: Those appointment takes a while to even get on point me not to miss him because of
Magalie Marcellus: Those kind of issue.
Magalie Marcellus: So what can you do to help with that.
N817: Either Sergei Sergei worse. No, no, no.
N817: Thursday and Friday supposed to be 60 degrees. So we messed up that we're going to try to get out there and
Fix it, how
Magalie Marcellus: Was it working it. That was the issue so
N817: It can go a couple miles.
N817: Stalls out
N817: Okay, so
Magalie Marcellus: Gotcha. So you can't take it.
Too far.
Magalie Marcellus: And how do you get to your pharmacy.
N817: Only he gives me a ride.
Magalie Marcellus: It's not too far away.
Okay, for
Magalie Marcellus: My boy. Gotcha. So you're hoping to fix this cow when the weather gets warmer.
Yeah.
N817: And
I can't
Magalie Marcellus: I can't depend on that now. Who knows what's going to happen with all those changes that's happening right
N817: Mm hmm.
Magalie Marcellus: Well as taking over everybody's life right now so
Magalie Marcellus: So, things may take longer than what we anticipated.
N817: My, my dentist.
N817: Me email.
N817: You're still oh
N817: I'm surprised.
Magalie Marcellus: When is it for coming.
N817: Oh,
N817: No, I don't have an appointment.
Magalie Marcellus: With the dentist.
N817: Personal from
Magalie Marcellus: Surgery recently write
N817: Me an email saying
N817: 78 now work. So there is supposed to get made me parcels.
N817: Okay so me
N817: Yesterday, saying that before you can enter the building that
N817: There would be any time. Sure.
Magalie Marcellus: Evaluate to see whether you're not. Okay, gotcha. Okay, so that's the question to make sure nobody that's all is coming into the building.
Magalie Marcellus: Now,
Magalie Marcellus: Do you need an appointment or are you supposed to dish.
N817: Or how does that work.
Magalie Marcellus: So you still need to schedule an appointment for you follow
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. So you went on, make sure
Magalie Marcellus: You're waiting
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so you're waiting to get transportation or
N817: Two shows as well.
N817: Will be able to be a coach and have transportation again that we can go more than a couple miles or
N817: My mouse.
Magalie Marcellus: Shoes.
N817: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: All right.
Okay, so
Magalie Marcellus: So what are the other options. So I know if the if the truck is not fixable and
N817: We know with
Magalie Marcellus: All that going on right now. Your mom may be delayed. So what's the next step. Okay, so can you.
Magalie Marcellus: Can you look into again to see what's going on with insurance. Yeah, there's no some Medicaid program have the
Magalie Marcellus: The bus or the transportation to five minutes. No probably not is probably gonna be a longer way because they're not taking as many people at the as they used to, but they should be able to move vegetation to those medical appointments. If you give
Magalie Marcellus: Me enough to get in.
Magalie Marcellus: Because
Magalie Marcellus: You have
So that
N817: You know, private go to a private
N817: It's only for that type of stuff.
Magalie Marcellus: You
N817: Had a car right
Magalie Marcellus: But
Magalie Marcellus: Many van or anything like that.
N817: No bus worthy.
Magalie Marcellus: Just like the car. It's a private car. Okay, maybe, maybe they have some kind of contract with them. Find the company to come to do it.
Magalie Marcellus: So yeah, so you're going to look into that and see whether that's going to be an option for you if those things don't work because I don't want you to kick this new appointment because of transportation and is there any way we can get into a bus or is it too far but
N817: Have no buses again.
Magalie Marcellus: numbers on that area.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
N817: I'm just explained, but
Magalie Marcellus: That little some areas who have
Magalie Marcellus: Been on your side has no buses.
Magalie Marcellus: Definitely you need somebody with a mind.
N817: All you have a fun. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: I'm still
Trying to learn
N817: Columbus know if I lived in Cleveland may got buses like down, Florida.
Magalie Marcellus: And they go,
N817: To
But
N817: I don't live in that
Magalie Marcellus: City.
N817: But
I think, Well, no.
N817: No, no, I think you're given.
Magalie Marcellus: And for my for my study if I know they canceled that appointment by the appointment on my study who is it for, or what is it for
N817: For the North center that's a psychiatric
Magalie Marcellus: Place. Okay. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: And that one. Yes. And it took you a while to get that appointment. So what can we
Magalie Marcellus: What
N817: Can we can come up with. So make sure you don't lose
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, cuz I know it takes a while for those appointments. So what can you do to make sure you don't miss that one.
Magalie Marcellus: Can you call tomorrow and see what they say about that transportation service.
Magalie Marcellus: Lightning calm.
N817: Astro
N817: To eight
N817: Know I'm not tall that can again.
Magalie Marcellus: And like okay now.
You
N817: An hour notice
Magalie Marcellus: I mean, maybe they have an explanation. What it in show so you may, maybe you can find out why what happened the last time you
Magalie Marcellus: You schedule it did they have the actual arm confirmation of the day register. So, something happened, but I'm there to pick you up. So if there's a if there was an issue, then we need to find out what what was the issue. You know what to expect the next time you love it.
N817: Yeah yeah
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, so definitely stay
N817: Warm
N817: I gotta bite.
Magalie Marcellus: About
N817: 90 miles away.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Depends on the weather, where you don't want to live. Let it because it's not like to mouth. My mouth is still quite a few miles. So we don't wanna you know we don't tell to figure out what the weather going to eat.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh yeah, we want you to be able to get there.
connection there.
Magalie Marcellus: He say you have a sister on the title. Yes, it says my close enough to do right, if anything,
N817: If she's not working.
N817: Like if
N817: She
Feels like
Magalie Marcellus: Resources no sometimes
Magalie Marcellus: Especially with something that's important. You know, you have to do the best. Make sure you get it done.
N817: We're just happy that I'm doing right
N817: Now,
Heroin no more.
N817: My relationship has been damaged my family, but they have a little fun.
But it's not the point where
They would come
Like
Magalie Marcellus: A lot like a locker.
Magalie Marcellus: room door saying that
You're
Magalie Marcellus: You know you're not doing anything. So I'm so has a, you know, to lose their trust. And so then you know you should be okay because sometimes people takes people a while to
Magalie Marcellus: regain trust. You just have to keep doing what you need to do for yourself and eventually they'll know that you done the right thing that you're not there to
Magalie Marcellus: Be any do anything negative towards
N817: It really, you know,
N817: Probably, but they still act like I will. Wow.
N817: That really
N817: gets under my skin. You know, like I can understand more and find him doing stuff like that. But since I dinner, you never have
N817: Enough now about it, you know.
Magalie Marcellus: If you say something. What do you think would happen if you if you stop your sister. Wow. What do you think she would say, because sometimes people do things without even thinking about it. So maybe that may shed some light and say, whoa.
N817: I'm saying they were, you know, blame it on. She would say all error. Her husband that
N817: Tribal
N817: War, you know,
N817: That I would do something like that so
Magalie Marcellus: If you went into a tension.
Magalie Marcellus: That would at least let her know that you notice those things in that you don't appreciate it may be that may take, you know, there may be more conscious about how they behave in when you come to the house because
Magalie Marcellus: You saying you haven't given many reasons for them to feel like you're gonna
N817: Say, well, he'll feel comfortable. I feel I get what we do, don't come over, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: You think that would be one of those fun
N817: Yeah yeah
N817: I think would be, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: It bothers you, because you know
Magalie Marcellus: targeted towards you so much again.
Magalie Marcellus: And see know what you feel comfortable because sometimes holding things, you know, eventually comes out in a lot of time when it comes out.
Magalie Marcellus: When it's not something you are ready to discuss. It's probably gonna be in a negative way. And as why you know if you can get a step ahead of it and have a conversation just say, you know, I noticed that you know this and this happened, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: Is there a concern.
Magalie Marcellus: Basically, you know, I don't. Again, she may be defensive and she may, you know, but you
Magalie Marcellus: If it's something that you feel that strong that you need for them to kind of be more mindful of, maybe it's something eventually have to think about maybe have a conversation with justice.
Magalie Marcellus: gonna change if they eat. They don't even know how you feel about it.
N817: I think they know but they don't care.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, add the, you know, they know how you feel about it hasn't been addressed.
N817: I think there. I know, I know.
N817: It's not like to hide the fact we're trying to be sneaky about it really.
N817: Strict just one of those things.
N817: But I'm just thankful that you know I have family.
Magalie Marcellus: I can
N817: You know know you know why the older I get to the
Magalie Marcellus: Good stuff.
N817: Your own damn thought
Magalie Marcellus: You know I'm grateful for.
N817: You know,
N817: There's some stuff they do and how they treat me
Magalie Marcellus: Send a pick and choose what should we add so
N817: If I lose you. Oh shit. One down before percent
Magalie Marcellus: What about what about finishing so. So just wanted to any, any other things that you need to address. Before we end, because I'm gonna put you for the following two weeks as well.
Magalie Marcellus: So it's online, but but yeah so if anything happened before then, you know, just feel free to reach out to virtual clinic, but my angels will make sure you safe. And, you know, taking care of yourself and so
Magalie Marcellus: You don't become what
What
Magalie Marcellus: Let's see, cuz yeah Wednesday, so I can still leave before six o'clock. Okay.
N817: Six o'clock.
Magalie Marcellus: April 1
Magalie Marcellus: April 1 yeah okay
All
Magalie Marcellus: Right.
Magalie Marcellus: Take care of yourself. Be safe right
Magalie Marcellus: Alright. Have a good one.
N817: OK. OK.
Magalie Marcellus: Ok, bye bye. Have a good one, you too. Bye.